V1.15.0 (#159)
hCaptcha/hcaptcha-wordpress-plugin: readme.txt

  $page_language = 'some lang'; // Detection depends on the multilingual plugin used.

  return $page_language;
}

add_filter( 'hcap_language', 'my_hcap_language' );
`

= How to whitelist certain IPs? =

You can use the following filter:

`
/**
* Filter user IP to check if it is whitelisted.

> * For whitelisted IPs, hcaptcha will not be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For whitelisted IPs, hCaptcha will not be shown.
```

*
* @param bool   $whitelisted Whether IP is whitelisted.
* @param string $ip          IP.
*
* @return bool
*/
function my_hcap_whitelist_ip( $whitelisted, $ip ) {

  // Whitelist local IPs.
  if ( false === $ip ) {
    return true;
  }

  // Whitelist some other IPs.
  if ( '1.1.1.1' === $ip ) {
    return true;
  }

  return $whitelisted;
}

> add_filter( 'hcap_whitelist_ip', 'my_hcap_whitelist_ip', 10, 2 );

Reviewer: What are the 10, 2 args? Worth a comment.

Also, I suspect people would want to whitelist CIDRs (1.2.3.4/24) rather than just IPs.

Author: 10, 2 are standard WordPress arguments: priority (10) and the number of agrs passed to the filter (2).

Reviewer: OK, might be a little confusing for people. I suspect what they're actually asking for is to enter in IPs/CIDRs in the plugin settings for whitelisting.

 
== Changelog ==

= 1.15.0 =
* Tested with WooCommerce 6.4.
* Added Gravity Forms support.
* Added filter to whitelist IPs.

> * Added support for multiple Ninja forms on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for multiple Ninja forms on a single page.
```
